Key,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
adminArenaBlock,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Block",,,,,
adminArenaPillar100,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Pillar 100",,,,,
adminArenaPillar50,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Pillar 50",,,,,
adminArenaCNRRound,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Round Corner",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeIncline,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Incline",,,,,
adminArenaCTRPlate,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Plate Centered",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeTipCNRFullTop,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Tip Full Corner",,,,,
adminArenaEighth,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Eighth Block",,,,,
adminArenaQuarter,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Quarter Block",,,,,
adminArenaHalf,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Half Block",,,,,
adminArenaCNRRamp,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Ramp Corner",,,,,
adminArenaPyramid,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Pyramid",,,,,
adminArenaCNRFull,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Full Corner",,,,,
adminArenaPole,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Pole",,,,,
adminArenaPlate,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Plate",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeTipCNRFullBottom,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Tip Full Bottom Corner",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeCNRInsideBottom,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Inside Bottom Corner",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeCNRInsideTop,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Inside Top Corner",,,,,
adminArenaArrowSlitHalf,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Arrow Slit Half",,,,,
adminArenaStairsFilledRailingLeft,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Stairs with Railing (Left)",,,,,
adminArenaStairsFilledRailingRight,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Stairs with Railing (Right)",,,,,
adminArenaGableInvertedSteep,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Steep Inverted Gable",,,,,
adminArenaStairs25CornerCNR,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Stairs 25 Corner",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeStairs,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Stairs",,,,,
adminArenaStairs25,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Stairs 25",,,,,
adminArenaQuarterCNR,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Quarter Corner",,,,,
adminArenaArch,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Arch",,,,,
adminArenaWedge,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge",,,,,
adminArenaCNRRampFiller,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Ramp Corner Filler",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeTip,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Tip",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeCNRInsideSteepTop,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Inside Top Corner Steep",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeTipStairs,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Wedge Tip Stairs",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeCNRSteepTop,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Steep Wedge Top Corner",,,,,
adminArenaQuarterTeeSCtr,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Quarter Center",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeCNRSteepBase,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Steep Wedge Base Corner",,,,,
adminArenaQuarterSCtr,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Quarter Center",,,,,
adminArenaPillar100Cap,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Pillar 100 Cap",,,,,
adminArenaWedgeCNRInsideSteepBase,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Steep Inside Base Corner",,,,,
adminArenaCTRpole,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Pole Centered",,,,,
adminArenaGableQuarter,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Gable Quarter",,,,,
adminArenaGableInvertedQuarter,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Gable Inverted Quarter",,,,,
adminArenaGableInvertedHalf,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Gable Inverted Half",,,,,
adminArenaQuarterCNR3Way,blocks,Block,New,"Admin 3 Way Quarter Corner",,,,,
adminArenaPlateOffset,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Plate Offset",,,,,
adminArenaBlockTileBroken01,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Broken Tile",,,,,
adminArenaRamp,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Ranp",,,,,
adminArenaSupport,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Support Beam",,,,,
adminArenaCNRInside,blocks,Block,New,"Admin Inside Corner",,,,,
adminArenaBlocksDesc,blocks,Block,New,"An indestructible block that can be used by admins. You can remove by upgrading the block whilst holding an admin wrench using an admin block remover.",,,,,

resourceAdminBlockRemover,items,Resources,KgNone,"Admin Block Remover",,,,,
resourceAdminBlockRemoverDesc,items,Resources,KgNone,"Whilst holding an admin wrench, right click on any admin block with these in your inventory to remove the block.",,,,,